Hello It's Andre again now.
Did you notice what you did in the last video he's doing something that a lot of senior developers do
and that is they think about their data flow.
They don't just go ahead and start coding.
And if it works the first time that's great they're done.
No in their head or maybe on a piece of paper or in a diagram they're thinking about how data is moving.
For example in our case from our a redux store into our components e war is deciding hey how much of
that data do I want by using selectors and then deciding where should that data live.
Where should I put that data.
And as you saw there's different tradeoffs.
There's often no right answer.
No.
1 rule while you want to do is to think about your application and why you think at the moment the client
or yourself wants for the project.
Remember this this is one of the most important things deciding the state and where it lives.
It's a really hard problem.
Good developers really think this through.
They don't try and grab too much state and give it all to a component.
They don't try to do everything in one component.
They break things down.
They keep things extensible but at the same time they decide what makes sense what components should
be in charge of what should be a connected component to a redux store or should it be a simple presentational
component that just renders something simple.
Another thing that you noticed is that because EA who all understands what he's building he's not just
copying and pasting code from others he understands every part of his app every part of the feature
that he's working it so that when he notices that something perhaps is inefficient like possibly iterating
through a large array he converts it or normalizes the data into an object or what we call a hash table
so that it's more efficient really understanding your code how the program runs allows you to make these
smart decisions thinking about data flow in your application is going to help us further in the course
when we start talking about things like graph Q Well because at the end of the day what we do as developers
is received data and present that data to a user to a customer and we let that customer manipulate that
data.
But we engineer that how it flows how it moves how it changes is our job so next time you're working
on a feature or a product or even a component.
Start thinking about that data flow how that component is going to affect that data flow what it's going
to need what it's going to present and what it's going to change that's going to make you a better and
better developer let's keep going.